Today I'll do a little excursion
the topic of his animal
it really is also the Bernese
currently everyone writes about it everyone
like that somewhere and I have mine
now, of course, together worried
a long time ago and would like to say briefly
what you can do if so and
why together so healthy
May, therefore, originally comes from
before mayer and they are really
unbelievably healthy because the incredible
have many nutrients
for example, they have five times more
calcium as in milk they have twice
as much protein as most others
cereals or say we have
Iron content, for example , is much more than
in spinach potassium also a lot me
loose twice as much potassium content as
banana
they have antioxidants that have something
they have but we also have very
important to have omega 3 and omega 6
fatty acids and that's why these are things
also incredibly healthy
the can be stored for a long time so
in comparison to other cereals
maybe half a year in the year
cabinet has what animals them up to
four years that means you can
Buy them on stock and the cost
but doggedly much one can thus very
do a lot of things and that should be done
the animals always just know that
I've been so happy with this
then in principle they actually see it that way
very small mini mini mini if ​​you
the easy to see team I always say so
So as fishermen from about giving so
so what I was always so that we make
Of course , just leave it for a moment
Maybe I do not know that
EUR 10 and of course main market ground
You can also sew Greek yogurt
or normal nature
well so I just do away so
constituency and raspberries
I have always demanded besides in the
fridge and there you can open the short
lasting either in the riots or too
so at room temperature in bern you can
their day to eat in the evening so yes
Not as many glucose as other varieties
that's how it's done
Wegmann could still relax
or banana if you like it so much
which only make history with four seeds
give
pudding taste that is if you do that
so that's really closing
we are exceptional so sitting casually
you can do it with agave syrup
with about sweetener or normal
sugar so something just what that is
very healthy and very tasty
in between absolutely perfect
so I hope you have
interested have here say buy this
the country is a fiction 210
I've already had one gram for a while now
month and is this really daily
So I wish you all a lot of fun
for the day and I express you
all